[PyCon DE Sprints] README: Update development setup instructions, general cleanup (#2519)
conda-forge/conda-smithy: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Developing conda-smithy

## Set up Development Environment

To install conda-smithy from source:

* Install `conda`, e.g., via [Miniforge](https://conda-forge.org/download/).

> * Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-smithy` (or your fork).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fork and clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/conda-smithy.git`. Change to it: `cd conda-smithy`.
```

* Create a new conda environment with all requirements based on [environment.yml](environment.yml): `conda env create`.
* Activate the environment: `conda activate conda-smithy`.

>   * Alternatively: Run `conda install -n base conda-spawn` and `conda spawn conda-smithy`

Reviewer: This is quite a niche command for now, I'd remove it.
```suggestion
```
